okay so I'm outside here my test board
some MDF like the train track that I
built it on and all done is some tests
grass I just want to see how it will
work so this is there's the fine dark
green with some light course it's a tree
that I've made ready this is an
experiment you can see from top over
painted this area here some brown some
12 mins just 250 ml of sample pot tanned
earth on top you can kind of see some
Brown through the grass or from the side
at this angle which most people look at
it looks quite good it looks quite plush
and this other end notice I've got
started to make them mountain this is
the end just a bit of a test all it is
is crushed paper underneath with strips
of paper on top with plaster of Paris
first there try some some green florist
foam which did were both ever wasted a
lot of it so I didn't end up just using
paper I think this would be all right
I've had a very small hill you wanted to
make a bit messy in the end of the day
you're very similar back here you can
see here i was practicing a colorway
affect the rough rocks are in here no
payment bram again obviously I don't
have any grass one yet so I mean this is
feeling you to me so I thought I should
do some practice scenery before I
actually do it from the proper board so
there you go
foster Paris used for the mountain